README.md, before:

# res(o)nate

res(o)nate is a decentralized music curation platform that allows artists to distribute new releases to playlist curators without intermediaries.

## development

To get started, you might want to explore the project directory structure and install required tools:
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) and [GNU Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/).
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/), [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) and [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/).
- [DFINITY SDK](https://sdk.dfinity.org/).

Clone this repo first running:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:OmeGak/resonate.git
cd resonate
```

Once cloned, make sure you have the right version of `node` installed with `nvm`:

```sh
nvm use
```

Start a local DFNITY replica for development:

```sh
dfx start
```

And deploy the project canisters to the local network:

```sh
yarn install
dfx deploy
```

This command, if successful, will display canister information similar to this:

```
Installing code for canister <alias>, with canister_id <id>
```

Spot the `frontend` canister and use its `<id>` to access the deployed frontend in the following URL:

```
http://localhost:8000/?canisterId=<frontend_canister_id>
```

You can now also interact with your canisters' `actor`s directly from the terminal with:

```sh
dfx canister call <canister_name> <function> [<argument>]
```

If you want to have some dummy data for testing, apply local fixtures:

```sh
make fixtures
```

If at any point you want to start from scratch, run:

```sh
make clean
```

> **NOTE:** Working with this project in your development environment will not affect any production deployment or identity tokens.

### backend

While developing, you can re-deploy the changes in your canister with:

```sh
dfx deploy <canister_alias>
```

Or use `dfx deploy` to re-deploy all canisters.

### frontend

While developing, you can re-deploy your changes while preserving canister state with:

```
dfx build frontend
dfx canister install frontend --mode=upgrade
```

For faster development cycles, you may want to work with a local dev server, disconnected from the canisters, instead. Start it with:

```sh
yarn start
```

> **NOTE:** You will need to comment out code that imports or uses canisters and manually mock responses to make the above command work.

And navigate to [`http://localhost:8080`](http://localhost:8080) to see your changes applied via hot reload.

## more

To learn more before you start working with resonate, see the following documentation available online:
- [Quick Start](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/quickstart/quickstart.html)
- [SDK Developer Tools](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/developers-guide/sdk-guide.html)
- [Motoko Programming Language Guide](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/language-guide/motoko.html)
- [Motoko Language Quick Reference](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/language-guide/language-manual.html)

If the docs are not helping, these are other resources you can draw inspiration from:
- [Awesome DFINITY repository](https://github.com/dfinity/awesome-dfinity)
- [DFINITY examples](https://github.com/dfinity/examples)
- [DFINITY forum](https://forum.dfinity.org/)
- [LinkedUp](https://github.com/dfinity/linkedup)

Commit message:

Add frontend redeploy npm script

README.md, after:

# res(o)nate

res(o)nate is a decentralized music curation platform that allows artists to distribute new releases to playlist curators without intermediaries.

## development

To get started, you might want to explore the project directory structure and install required tools:
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) and [GNU Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/).
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/), [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) and [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/).
- [DFINITY SDK](https://sdk.dfinity.org/).

Clone this repo first running:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:OmeGak/resonate.git
cd resonate
```

Once cloned, make sure you have the right version of `node` installed with `nvm`:

```sh
nvm use
```

Start a local DFNITY replica for development:

```sh
dfx start
```

And deploy the project canisters to the local network:

```sh
yarn install
dfx deploy
```

This command, if successful, will display canister information similar to this:

```
Installing code for canister <alias>, with canister_id <id>
```

Spot the `frontend` canister and use its `<id>` to access the deployed frontend in the following URL:

```
http://localhost:8000/?canisterId=<frontend_canister_id>
```

You can now also interact with your canisters' `actor`s directly from the terminal with:

```sh
dfx canister call <canister_name> <function> [<argument>]
```

If you want to have some dummy data for testing, apply local fixtures:

```sh
make fixtures
```

If at any point you want to start from scratch, run:

```sh
make clean
```

> **NOTE:** Working with this project in your development environment will not affect any production deployment or identity tokens.

### backend

While developing, you can re-deploy the changes in your canister with:

```sh
dfx deploy <canister_alias>
```

Or use `dfx deploy` to re-deploy all canisters.

### frontend

While developing, you can re-deploy your changes while preserving canister state with:

```
dfx build frontend
dfx canister install frontend --mode=upgrade
```

or simply run

```sh
yarn redeploy:frontend
```

which does the same thing.

For faster development cycles, you may want to work with a local dev server, disconnected from the canisters, instead. Start it with:

```sh
yarn start
```

> **NOTE:** You will need to comment out code that imports or uses canisters and manually mock responses to make the above command work.

And navigate to [`http://localhost:8080`](http://localhost:8080) to see your changes applied via hot reload.

## more

To learn more before you start working with resonate, see the following documentation available online:
- [Quick Start](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/quickstart/quickstart.html)
- [SDK Developer Tools](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/developers-guide/sdk-guide.html)
- [Motoko Programming Language Guide](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/language-guide/motoko.html)
- [Motoko Language Quick Reference](https://sdk.dfinity.org/docs/language-guide/language-manual.html)

If the docs are not helping, these are other resources you can draw inspiration from:
- [Awesome DFINITY repository](https://github.com/dfinity/awesome-dfinity)
- [DFINITY examples](https://github.com/dfinity/examples)
- [DFINITY forum](https://forum.dfinity.org/)
- [LinkedUp](https://github.com/dfinity/linkedup)
